# brainhack-til2021

It is the year 2055. Surveillance has become ubiquitous to our society, to the point where animals :cat::dog2::bird::chicken::snake: have become widely used as surveillance vessels via cybernetic augmentations. However, we have reason to believe in the existence of an unknown group that has been exploiting these animals to wreak havoc upon society, with increasing reports of people having their personal details or items stolen under mysterious circumstances.Your team has been tasked to build visual and audio classification models, in order to identify animals in various environments, and to take in commands in the field. It is up to you, as cadets of the TIL Institute, to set up countermeasures against these rogue surveillance animals. Being able to visually detect nearby animals would be a good first step in ascertaining suspicious behavior from these potential targets.Teams will train models to progress through a mix of 6 Computer Vision and Audio Processing tasks of increasing difficulty. Tasks will be unlocked as you clear the challenges. You will be scored based on the effectiveness of your models for each challenge, and the best-scoring teams would be given prizes. During the 2-day hackathon, you will have to decide if you would like to push for a higher score for a challenge, or to do well enough to be able to complete all the challenges. May the best teams win!You can access the data from https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/10gFXOzyzGptrM58OORUaRcowzln2eFet?usp=sharing. To help you to kick start your coding, you can refer to the newly uploaded videos on the YouTube channel https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLTXKqfMiQUrqWRPXpGu28iV0Jpl5VXE4U. Do take note of the slides attached on how to submit your results for evaluation.We will be sending you the email contact of your mentor by today, do keep a lookout for that.Your unique submission link and AWS code containing USD$100 worth of AWS credits will also be sent to your team via email by the end of today.Reminder to keep track of your AWS credit usage in the billing portal. On the top right hand corner, click on your username > My Billing Dashboard for more details. Please take note that if you use AWS Budget or AWS Cloudwatch to monitor your billing, there will be a charge after the free-tier provisions are exhausted. Refer to https://aws.amazon.com/aws-cost-management/pricing/ for more info.
